Pig Game

video Demo: https://youtu.be/RPhZ7dLxXII

This project is a game called Pig Game. In this game, the user has to use the left and right keys of the keyboard to guide the pig to the left and right so as not to hit the vegetables that are thrown down from the top of the screen. By rejecting each of the vegetables, the user gets one point, but if he hits the vegetables, he loses and the points he got are reset. I want to explain to you the codes that I wrote First, I imported pyGame, time and random to use it Here we have their colors and codes to use to make our game beautiful Here we have the title of our game and below I loaded the picture of pig and vegetables. I wrote a function for the start and exit buttons and specified the coordinates of the button so that the game starts or exits when we click with the mouse. Below, I wrote the intro of the game, which is the same as the first page of the game We have the dodge function, which records the score the user gets Below, I wrote the main function of the game, the loop, which defined how to work with keyDown and keyUp, and how the vegetables that I loaded should come randomly into the game screen. In the end, I defined conditions for the pig, if the pig hits the left and right sides of the game screen or hits the vegetables, the user loses. in this test file: We test that the pig is in the correct position, test that all images are loaded successfully ,test that the pig function correctly displays the image of the pig on the screen We will refresh the page to reflect the changes test that the game buttons work correctly We check that the result of the function is None (because we are actually displaying it on the screen). test that the score counter is displayed correctly test that the crash function correctly shows the loss of the game

I was between choosing different animals for the game and finally I chose the pig because I think it is very cute and although most pigs eat vegetables, my pig doesn't like vegetables much like me
